Add learning environment page (#36776)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/learning-environment/_index.md

---
title: Learning environment
main_menu: true
weight: 20
---

<!-- overview -->

> 

Reviewer: It'd be even better to have some actual overview text here.

Eg:
```markdown
This page helps you set up Kubernetes to learn more about it. If you wanted to
run real workloads on Kubernetes, read the [Production Environment](...) setup guide.
```

---
title: Learning environment

> main_menu: true

Reviewer: Why this change?

---
title: Learning environment
main_menu: true
weight: 20
content_type: concept
no_list: true
---

> <!--

Reviewer: We should remove this comment.

You can follow the official
[Get Started!](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/) guide if your focus is
on getting the tool installed.

<a class="btn btn-primary" href="https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/" role="button" aria-label="View minikube Get Started! Guide">View minikube Get Started! Guide</a>

Once you have `minikube` working, you can use it to
[run a sample application](/docs/tutorials/hello-minikube/).

## {{% heading "whatsnext" %}}

- Make sure to [install `kubectl`](/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl) as well.

> - If you still can't decide, pick `minikube` and start with [Hello Minikube](/docs/tutorials/hello-minikube/). `kubeadm` installs are a lot to cover for a beginner.

Reviewer: This will be odd for readers because they've seen kind and minikube, and now we're mentioning kubeadm for the first time.

Author: Removed the mention!

You can follow the official
[Get Started!](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/) guide if your focus is
on getting the tool installed.

<a class="btn btn-primary" href="https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/" role="button" aria-label="View minikube Get Started! Guide">View minikube Get Started! Guide</a>

Once you have `minikube` working, you can use it to
[run a sample application](/docs/tutorials/hello-minikube/).

## {{% heading "whatsnext" %}}

> - Make sure to [install `kubectl`](/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl) as well.

Reviewer: We should make setting up `kubectl` be a key step; it's more than a “what's next” item. IMO.

Reviewer 2: People always had issues with that step, which is why `minikube kubectl` was added for them.

You can follow the official
[Get Started!](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/) guide if your focus is
on getting the tool installed.

<a class="btn btn-primary" href="https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/" role="button" aria-label="View minikube Get Started! Guide">View minikube Get Started! Guide</a>

Once you have `minikube` working, you can use it to
[run a sample application](/docs/tutorials/hello-minikube/).

## {{% heading "whatsnext" %}}

> - Make sure to install [`kubectl`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl) as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure to install [`kubectl`](/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl) as well.
```

> - If you still can't decide, pick `minicube` and start [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/hello-minikube/). `kubeadm` installs are a lot to cover for a beginner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you still can't decide, pick `minikube` and start with [Hello Minikube](/docs/tutorials/hello-minikube/). `kubeadm` installs are a lot to cover for a beginner.
```

> - Continue your learning journey with a [production environment](https://k8s.io/docs/setup/production-environment/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Already familiar with Kubernetes? Learn how to deploy a cluster for a
[production environment](https://k8s.io/docs/setup/production-environment/).
That guidance is also useful if you want to deploy an environment that matches a production setup.
```
